# CS-340-Client-Server-Development-
In my pursuit of acquiring a BS in Computer Science I’ve learned that simplicity is important to writing programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable. By avoiding complex logic and using simple algorithms and structures where possible it keeps the code modular by separating concerns and avoiding any kind of duplication. Working with the CRUD Python module I used simplicity in my file code as with the initial py file I added more code than what was necessary which led to connection issues when working with my ipynb file and the dash framework. In the future I can see how the CRUD Python mod will be beneficial desktop applications that need to manage data in databases or local files. I can also see a need in machine learning which require large datasets.

Looking at the scope of a computer scientist and how they approach solving problems id have to say there would need to be a type of cycle. Understanding how to identify problems, review analysis, construct algorithms, and then implement and evaluate the work to would be essential to problem solving. With the Grazioso Salvare project I learned quickly that just beginning to code based on guidelines led me to have to back track a lot and put me behind as I moved further along. As I moved forward, I really worked on slowing down and gaining a better understanding of the overall project and how each part worked together. Doing so helped me better understand the requirements and then start to develop the coding components. In the future I plan to grasp the big picture of a project before beginning and if working with a team, ensuring that the group understands the overall vision. 

To my understanding, computer scientist plays a huge role with technologies in everyday life specifically with their contributions in developing various technologies and molding digital landscapes. Computer scientists work to address challenges and increase efficiency with things from social media, mobile devices, autonomous vehicles, and medical products. As a computer scientist, I could help a company do their work better by creating automated processes and implementing strategies that are optimized. By using data analytics, I could identify areas for improvement which would lead to positive recommendations for any workplace.
